# gwent-classic

A browser remake of the original Gwent minigame from The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
including all cards from the DLC. To play, download the repo and open index.html
in a browser. For the best experience, play in full screen which can be toggled
in most browsers with F11.

## Rules

The game is played in the same way as the original. The player aims to win two
of three rounds, where victory within a given round is determined by whoever
scores the most points.

### Cards and Points

Points are obtained by placing down unit cards, each with their corresponding
values. Some unit cards have special effects as denoted by a symbol on their
left side. The cards and their effects can be examined by selecting them or the
row they have been placed on. The game also includes a number of special cards
that apply effects like negative weather conditions or bosting card points when
played.

### Turns

A turn consists of playing a single card. Your opponent then does the same until
either one of you passes. At this point the remaining player can continue to
place cards until they decide to pass. When both players have passed the round
is ended. In addition of placing cards, they player may also activate their
leader ability by clicking on their leader if it is available to them.

### Factions

The faction you pick will affect your game in three ways. It limits the specific
cards you can use to neutral cards, special cards, and the unit cards in your
faction. This includes the leader card that you can pick and the corresponding
leader ability. Each faction also has a special effect that is displayed when
selecting a faction and at the top of the customization screen for the currently
selected faction.

## Features

### All cards from the TW3 + DLC

All cards from the base games and DLC can be used by you and the AI. This
includes the additions from Hearts of Stone and Skellige as a playable deck from
Blood and Wine. The total count of cards available corresponds to the number you
can find in the original game.

### Faithful to the original minigame

This remake aims to resemble the original minigame as closely as possible from
the font to the UI layout and notifications. Some changes have been made in the
form of buttons to toggle the music and pass your current turn. The deck
customization screen also includes buttons to upload and download decks.

### AI opponent

When you start a game you will face off against a fully implemented AI opponent.
The opponent uses premade decks and will make intelligent decisions based on the
cards in its hand, on the table, and in the discard piles.

### Customize, save and upload decks

You can select a faction to play as at the top of the screen and then add and
remove cards from your deck by clicking on the cards in either scroll-down menu.
You can also pick a leader card by selecting the current leader and scrolling
through the options for that faction. At the top of the screen there are buttons
to upload and download decks to play with. These are stored in json format and
are checked to see if they comply with their assigned faction and maximum card
counts.

### Music tracks

The gwent music tracks are streamed from YouTube and can be toggled by pressing
the music icon in the center of the customization screen or the bottom-left of
the game screen. For some browsers, the page may need to be refreshed once
before the music can be activated.
